说起迪士尼动画片满满都是童年的回忆，每次刷完除了被故事本身打动，总会有一两句内涵型台词震撼到你~美国新闻聚合网站Buzzfeed邀请网友po出了最打动自己的台词。来看看有没有你的最爱吧!”

　　The fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all.
You may plan to write a book some day, but you are living a book every day. The “Great Biographer” is writing the book of your life on the pages of time. Each day is a page, and each year is a chapter.

Imagine yourself walking through the pages of time. Are you a hero or a villain? See your life spread out before you as if in print, in the pages of a book. Would that book be a best-seller, or would it be a book you wish to suppress? Go to some quiet spot and think of the pages of your book. Are you proud of those pages? Can you improve the chapters that are to follow? Can you make the ending better than the beginning?

See the words you speak recorded in your book. See the deeds you do in your life. Moment by moment you are building the story of your life. You control your thoughts and actions as an author of a novel controls the thoughts and actions of his characters. No matter what happens to you in the pages of time, you have the power to react like a hero!

Alexander Dumas wrote: “All the world cries, Where is the man who will save us? 'Don't look so far for this man; you have him at hand. This man is you, me, and each one of us.”
　　曾经困扰着我的恐惧，如今再也不能让我却步。

　　“曾经困扰着我的恐惧，如今再也不能让我却步。” --《冰雪奇缘》 Frozen

　　The fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all.

　　“逆境中盛开的花最珍贵，也最美丽。” --《花木兰》Mulan

　　The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of them all.

　　“你所爱的人将会改变你，你所学到的东西将会指引你。” --《海洋奇缘》Moana

　　The people you love will change you, the things you have learned will guide you.

　　“我们试着了解对方越多，我们每个人就会变得更加与众不同。” --《疯狂动物城》Zootopia

　　The more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be.

　　“守望阳光总不会有错。” --《小熊维尼历险记》The Adventures of Winnie the Pooh

　　It never hurts to keep looking for sunshine.

　　“往事总会让人痛苦，但在我看来，你要么逃避，要么从中领悟点儿什么。” --《狮子王》The Lion King

　　The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.

　　“记住，你就是那个能让世界充满阳光的人。” --《白雪公主与七个小矮人》Snow White and the Seven Dwarves

　　Remembers, you're the one who can fill the world with sunshine.

　　“回到昨天没有任何意义，因为那时的我跟现在不同。” --《爱丽丝梦游仙境》Alice in Wonderland

　　It's no use going back to yesterday. Because I was a different person then.

　　“生活不是用来旁观的。如果你要做的仅仅是旁观而已，那么你会眼睁睁地看着生活抛下你，流逝而去。” --《钟楼怪人》The Hunchback of Notre Dame

　　Life is not a spectator sport. If watching is all, you're gonna do. Then you're gonan watch your life go by without ya.

　　“欧哈纳的意思是一家人，一家人就意味着不会有人被抛弃或者遗忘。” --《星际宝贝》Lilo and Stitch

　　Ohana means family. Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.

　　“我从不回头看，亲爱的，因为这样我会无法将注意力集中在当下。” --《超人总动员》 The Incredibles

　　I never look back, darling!It distracts from the now.

　　“真英雄靠的不是力气，而是内心的强大。” --《大力士》Hercules

　　A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart.
One day a young man was standing in the middle of the town proclaiming that he had the most beautiful heart in the whole valley. A large crowd gathered, and they all admired his heart for it was perfect. There was not a flaw in it.

Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, “Why, your heart is not nearly as beautiful as mine.”

The crowd and the young man looked at the old man's heart. It was full of scars, it had places where pieces had been removed and other pieces put in, but they didn't fit quite right, and there were several jagged edges. In fact, in some places there were deep gouges where whole pieces were missing.

The young man laughed. “Comparing your heart with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars.”

“Yes,”said the old man,“Yours looks perfect but I would never trade with you. You see, every scar represents a person to whom I have given my love. I tear out a piece of my heart and give it to them, and often they give me a piece of their heart that fits into the empty place in my heart.”

But because the pieces aren't exact, I have some rough edges, which I cherish, because they remind me of the love we shared.

“Sometimes I have given pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't returned a piece of his or her heart to me. These are the empty gouges -- giving love is taking a chance.

Although these gouges are painful, they stay open, reminding me of the love I have for those people too, and I hope someday they may return and fill the space I have waiting. So now do you see what true beauty is? ”

The young man walked up to the old man, reached into his perfect heart, and ripped a piece out. He offered it to the old man.

The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fit, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.

The young man looked at his heart, not perfect anymore but more beautiful than ever, since love from the old man's heart flowed into his.

They embraced and walked away side by side.
The other day, as I talked with a friend, I recalled a story that I heard this summer. “A compassionate person, seeing a butterfly struggling to free itself from its cocoon, and wanting to help, very gently loosened the filaments to form an opening. The butterfly was freed, emerged from the cocoon, and fluttered about but could not fly. What the compassionate person did not know was that only through the birth struggle can the wings grow strong enough for flight. Its shortened life was spent on the ground; it never knew freedom, never really lived.”

I call it learning to love with an open hand. It is a learning which has come slowly to me and has been wrought in the fires of pain and in the waters of patience. I am learning that I must free the one I love, for if I clutch or cling, try to control, I lose what I try to hold.

If I try to change someone I love because I feel I know how that person should be, I rob him or her of a precious right, the right to take responsibility for one's own life and choices and way of being. Whenever I impose my wish or want or try to exert power over another, I rob him or her of the full realization of growth and maturation. I limit and prevent by my act of possession, no matter how kind my intention.

I can limit and injure by the kindest acts of protection or concern. Over extended it can say to the other person more eloquently than words, “You are unable to care for yourself; I must take care of you because you are mine. I am responsible for you.”

As I learn and practice more and more, I can say to the one I love: “I love you, I value you, I respect you and I trust that you have the strength to become all that it is possible for you to become — if I don't get in your way. I love you so much that I can set you free to walk beside me in joy and in sadness. I will share your tears, but I will not ask you not to cry. I will respond to your needs. I will care and comfort you, but I will not hold you up when you can walk alone. I will stand ready to be with you in your grief and loneliness but I will not take it away from you. I will strive to listen to your meaning as well as your word, but I shall not always agree. Sometimes I will be angry and when I am, I will try to tell you openly so that I need not hate our differences or feel estranged. I can not always be with you or hear what you say for there are times when I must listen to myself and care for myself, and when that happens, I will be as honest with you as I can be.”

I am learning to say this, whether it be in words or in my way of being with others and myself, to those I love and for whom I care. And this I call loving with an open hand.

I cannot always keep my hands off the cocoon, but I am getting better at it!
