翻译：

也许有一天你会计划着写一本书，但是你每天都书写着自己的人生这本书。这部伟大的“自传”在时间的书页上书写着你的人生。一天书写一页，一年书写一章。

想像一下自己正沿着时间的书页漫步。你是英雄豪杰还是卑鄙小人? 把人生看作已经出版的书页，在自己面前慢慢展开。你希望它是一本畅销书还是禁书? 找一个安静的地方，静静地思考一下你人生之书的每一页的内容。你会为这些内容感到自豪吗? 你会让后面的章节更加精彩吗? 你会让书的结局比开头更精彩吗?

看看书上记录下的你的言语。看看你人生中曾经做过的事。你无时无刻不在为自己的人生之书提供素材。就像小说的作者可以掌控角色的思想和行动一样，你也可以掌控自己的思想和行动。不管在你的时间的书页上会发生什么事，你都有能力成为英雄。

亚历山大·大仲马写下这样一段话：“整个世界都在问，‘拯救我们的人在哪里? ’不要以为这个人离你很远；他就在你身边。这个人就是你、我以及我们中的任何一个人。”

寓意：每个人都是英雄，是别人的，也是自己的。

Two: 彻底自我

In all one's lifetime it is oneself that one spends the most time being with or dealing with. But it is precisely oneself that one has the least understanding of.

When you are going upwards in life you tend to overestimate yourself. When you are going downhill you tend to underestimate yourself. It's likely that you think it wise for yourself to know your place and stay aloof from worldly wearing a mask of cowardice, behind which the flow of sap in your life will be retarded.

To get a thorough understanding of oneself is to gain a correct view of oneself and be a sober realist—aware of both one's strength and shortage. You may look forward hopefully to the future but be sure not to expect too much, for ideals can never be fully realized. You may be courageous to meet challenges but it should be clear to you where to direct your efforts.

To get a thorough understanding of oneself needs self-appreciation. Whether you like yourself to a towering tree or a blade of grass, whether you think you are a high mountain or a small stone, you represent a state of nature that has its own reason of existence. If you earnestly admire yourself you'll have a real sense of self-appreciation, which will give you confidence. As soon as you gain full confidence in yourself you'll be enabled to fight and overcome any adversity.

To get a thorough understanding of oneself also requires doing oneself a favor when it's needed. In time of anger, do yourself a favor by giving vent to it in a quiet place so that you won't be hurt by its flames; in time of sadness, do yourself a favor by sharing it with your friends so as to change a gloomy mood into a cheerful one; in time of tiredness, do yourself a favor by getting a good sleep or taking some tonic. Show yourself loving concern about your health and daily life. Unless you know perfectly well when and how to do yourself a favor, you won't be confident and ready enough to resist the attack of illness.

To get a thorough understanding of oneself is to get a full control of one's life. Then one will find one's life full of color and flavor.
Once upon a time, there was an island where all the feelings lived: Happiness, Sadness, Knowledge, and all of the others, including Love.

One day it was announced to the feelings that the island would sink, so all constructed boats and left. Except for Love.

Love was the only one who stayed. Love wanted to hold out until the last possible moment.

When the island had almost sunk, Love decided to ask for help.

Richness was passing by Love in a grand boat. Love said, “Richness, can you take me with you?”Richness answered, “No, I can't. There is a lot of gold and silver in my boat. There is no place here for you.” Love decided to ask Vanity who was also passing by in a beautiful vessel. “Vanity, please help me!” “I can't help you, Love. You are all wet and might damage my boat,”Vanity answered. Sadness was close by so Love asked, “Sadness, let me go with you.”“Oh... Love, I am so sad that I need to be by myself!” Happiness passed by Love, too, but she was so happy that she did not even hear when Love called her.

Suddenly, there was a voice, “Come, Love, I will take you.”It was an elder. So blessed and overjoyed, Love even forgot to ask the elder where they were going. When they arrived at dry land, the elder went her own way. Realizing how much was owed the elder.

Love asked Knowledge, another elder,“Who Helped me?”“It was Time,”Knowledge answered.“Time?”asked Love. “But why did Time help me?”Knowledge smiled with deep wisdom and answered, “Because only Time is capable of understanding how valuable Love is.”
You wake up in the morning, feeling groggy and disoriented.

You look at yourself in the mirror, fearful to look him straight in the eye.

You back zero tolerance for boredom, stuffing every vacant moment with talks, malls and laptops!

You are silent in their eyes, yet the noisiest in yours, for that inner voice you can nor do not smell.

You hang on the rim of the wheel of fortune, going up and down, tasting highs and lows.

Life goes on but it is out of control!

Not so soon, nor too late: You open your eyes, stretching your muscles and seeing the whole world beckons to you. You cheat him no more, smile to him , stare at him, knowing he is with you clear up to the end. You celebrate every moment, busy or free; strive not to become a human-doing, be and consider like a human-being! You talk gently, speak forcefully, and argue eloquently, because a mind in peace functions with effortless ease. You break free, make it to the hub, center your life on the bliss. Let it go! Let it flow! Life still is, but you got a big role!
Most people complain of fortune, few of nature; and the kinder they think the latter has been to them, the more they murmur at what they call the injustice of the former.

Why have not I the riches, the rank, the power, of such and such, is the common expostulation with fortune; but why have not I the merit, the talents, the wit, or the beauty, of such and such others, is a reproach rarely or never made to nature. The truth is, that nature, seldom profuse, and seldom niggardly, has distributed her gifts more equally than she is generally supposed to have done. Education and situation make the great difference. Culture improves, and occasions elicit natural talents. I make no doubt but that there are potentially, if I may use that pedantic word, many Bacons, Lockes, Newtons, Caesars, Crom wells, and Mari borough sat the plough tail, behind counters, and perhaps, even among the nobility; but the soil must be cultivated, and the season favourable, for the fruit to have all its spirit and flavour.

If sometimes our common parent has been a little partial, and not kept the scales quite even；if one preponderates too much, we throw into the lighter a due counterpoise of vanity, which never fails to set all right. Hence it happens, that hardly any one man would, without reverse, and in every particular, change with any other.

Though all are thus satisfied with the dispensations of nature, how few listen to her voice! How to follow her as a guide! In vain she points out to us the plain and direct way to truth, vanity, fancy, affection, and fashion assume her shape and wind us through fairy-ground to folly and error.